I am now a fifth-year Ph.D. student at the College of Computer Science and Technology of Zhejiang University, co-supervised by Prof. Jian Wu and Prof. Danny Z. Chen (*IEEE Fellow*, University of Notre Dame). My research interest focuses on dealing with <span style="color:#FC6A03;">discrete data (DD)</span>, and I explored and implemented the insights of <span style="color:SeaGreen">GLOM</span> (<span style="color:SeaGreen">glom together: part-whole hierarchy learning</span>; Hinton, 2021) including the capsule network design and part-whole relation quantization approaches. The insights on <span style="color:SeaGreen">GLOM</span> inspired my researches on the <span style="color:#FC6A03;">discrete data processing (DD)</span>, as well as the <span style="color:RoyalBlue">deep learning architecture design (DLA-D)</span>, <span style="color:#8866FF;">computer vision processing (CV)</span>, and <span style="color:#D70761;">AI researches for Medicine (M-AI)</span>. I have published 5 first-author papers in top international AI conferences such as ICML, CVPR, and IJCAI to discuss my ideas on representation learning, discrete data processing (e.g., continuity), and model architecture design. I also focused on AI for medicine and published more than 10 papers in top medical AI conferences such as MICCAI and journals such as TMI.

I was honored with the *National Scholarship of China* in 2015 (undergraduate) and 2021, and won the *Tencent Doctoral Scholarship* in 2021. I am the core member of our team participating MICCAI competitions, and we won <span style="color:red">the 1-st place</span> in *Automatic Structure Segmentation for Radiotherapy Planning Challenge - MICCAI 2019*, and <span style="color:red">the 2-nd place</span> in *Digestive-System Pathological Detection and Segmentation Challenge - MICCAI 2019*.

I am an amateur snooker player and a big fan of [Ronnie Antonio O'Sullivan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronnie_O%27Sullivan), and I am trying to learn more from [Mark Selby](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Selby) recently (Sorry, Ronnie 🤣). I also enjoy painting and basketball in my leisure time.
